We have some interesting results from our survey on hobbies.
What's the most popular hobby?
Well, boys and girls have different hobbies.
The girls like singing and dancing, but the boys like playing football and watching it.
Oh, I see. Is there anything that both boys and girls like doing?
Yes. Both boys and girls enjoy playing table tennis.
Why is it good to have hobbies?
You can learn about new things and develop new skills.
For example, collecting stamps helps people learn about other countries
and playing chess develops thinking skills.
I see. My hobby is growing vegetables. Is that a popular hobby?
Yes, it is. And your hobby helps the whole family.